Is it
My Li family's 200 billion foreign debt exploded
All real estate buildings were blocked
What? My Wang family's power plant was taken over by the security department because of suspected dangerous power generation
What
My Liu family's pharmaceutical license was banned
All partners are not cooperating
This is impossible
This is what you did
Impossible
Nothing is impossible
Betraying my Lord is something you will regret in your life
Impossible, how could he, a lowly village woman, bankrupt all four major families in 5 minutes
You know nothing about the true interpretation
Who are you?
Nothing more than Ye Linghan is really the true god behind the black police
What did you say we missed?
This is absolutely impossible
Brother Thirteen, call Mr. Xue quickly
There must be something tricky behind this
How could he be the mysterious boss?
Ah, yes, yes
This poisonous woman doesn't know what means she used
Broke the way for our four major families to survive
Be sure to ask Mr. Xue to do justice for us
Dad, before Mr. Xue comes, you should kick this poisonous woman out, okay
The Fang family's bodyguards are
The Liu family's bodyguards are
The Li family's bodyguards are
The Wang family's bodyguards are working
I see who dares to make trouble in Fengxi Courtyard